https://codepen.io/zacquary/pen/rNezXdq?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? It is used to reinforce the meaning of info on webpage.
    2. What is HTML used for?  Is used to create electronic documents.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? it's special words put inside the opening tag to control element's behavior.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is used only once and for the title of the page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Header, h1, footer, section, div
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id? It is for an html element and it most likely relates to stylesheets.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? You can add an id to any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? You can use the same id one time.
    10. What is a class? specifies a classname for an attribute and points to a stylesheet.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any element can have a class name.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? you can use a class name as many times as you like.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? using the code target: _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? to let the team know what the image is of.
    15. How do I reference an id? with the "#" sign.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? a section groups elements and a div separates them.
    17. What is CSS used for? to style a website.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one... an id is used for one element and a class is used for possibly multiple elements. an h2 might have an id while all the p's may have a class.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? classes are selected with the "."
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? parent elements contain child elements... this is useful in organizing your document.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? a div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? it selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? <br>
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? lowercase, uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?  div{border-style: dotted; border-size: 1px;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? <!-- -->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? sudo rm, it won't ask you if you are sure of this it will just delete.
    34. Why should I use version control? It's good for teams and you can see all changes throughout the history of projects.
    35. How often should I commit to github? As often as you make any changes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch name.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    first you want to fork the repo.
    then you want to clone the repo and copy the link...
    get to the folder you want to clone your repo in the terminal
    type git clone <link> in the terminal 
    type cd and the repo name to get into the newly created repo
    use git checkout -b "branch name" to create a branch name 
    git add .   will get changes ready to commit to repo
    git commit -m "your helpful commit messages here"
    git push -u origin branch-name will push commits from your local machine to your local github.


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 